INFORMATIVE: The payment will be made by Facility Code 17b. Remittance address should be provided if different. The acquisition method is RFQ, and the NAICS code for small business is required. The offer due date is 08/31/2023 at 1700 ET. Contact information for information calls is provided for the solicitation. The contractor's address and contact information are required to be completed in the specified blocks.
CRITICAL: The purpose of this Request for Proposal is to award an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for On-Demand Coaching Services for the Treasury Executive Institute. The Period of Performance is from 9/30/2023 to 9/29/2027, with one 12-month base period and three 12-month option periods.
        INFORMATIVE: The Contracting Officer for this RFP is Antoinette Jones, who can be reached at 202-622-9318 or Antoinette.Jones@treasury.gov. The contract is a rated order under DPAS (15 CFR 700) and includes various small business categories such as Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, HUBZone Small Business, Women-Owned Small Business, and others.
INFORMATIVE: The contracting officer's name must be typed or printed. The solicitation incorporates by reference FAR 52.212-1, 52.212-4, and 52.212-5. FAR 52.212-3 is attached. The total award amount is for government use only. The offeror/contractor must sign the document, and the contractor is required to sign and return it.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk includes various fields related to the acceptance, inspection, payment, and verification of supplies/services. It also includes fields for the mailing address, date, signature, and email of the authorized government representative.
INFORMATIVE: Period of Performance for the contract is from 09/30/2023 to 09/30/2026, with base period and three option periods.
        INFORMATIVE: Contact information for the Contracting Officer (CO) is Angela C. Gallo, with phone number 240-613-0038 and email Angela.C.Gallo@irs.gov.
INFORMATIVE: The period of performance for the contract is from 09/30/2026 to 09/30/2027. The contract includes licenses for Executive Coaching/Assessments/Learning Resources IAW PWS as an Option Line Item. The NSN number for the contract is 7540-01-152-8067.
INFORMATIVE: The document is an Amendment 1 for the RFP 2032H323R00065, focusing on On-Demand Executive Coaching with Assessments & Leadership Development Resources. It includes sections on Statement of Work (SOW), Contract Administration, Terms and Conditions, Authority, Type of Contract, Invoice Submission Requirements, and Contract Clauses. Key clauses mentioned include FAR 52.212-5, 52.216-18, 52.216-19, 52.217-8, 52.217-9, DTAR 1052.210-70, DTAR 52.212-4, DTAR 1052.222-70, DTAR 1052.224-70, and DTAR 1052.232-39.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk includes various clauses such as DTAR 1052.232-70, IR 1052.239-9000, IR1052.239-9001, IR1052.239.9002, and IR 1052.242-9000 related to commercial supplier agreements, Section 508 information, documentation, support, conformance, and services, and post-award evaluation of contractor performance.
        INFORMATIVE: The chunk also includes information about Order Administration, Solicitation Provisions, Representations, and Instructions to Offeror, as well as various FAR provisions such as FAR 52.252-1, FAR 52.203-2 related to solicitation provisions and certifications.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk includes various FAR and DTAR clauses such as FAR 52.204-24, 52.212-3, 52.216-1, 52.233-2, DTAR 1052.209-70, IR 1052.215-9002, and IR 1052.215-9003.
        INFORMATIVE: The chunk also includes sections on Instructions, Conditions, and Notices to Offerors or Respondents, Evaluation Factors for Award, Evaluation Factors - Ratings and Definitions, and Award Decision.
        INFORMATIVE: Attachments 1 and 2 are also included in the chunk.
CRITICAL: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. Solicitation 2032H323R00065 is issued as a request for proposal (RFP) for a single award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract consistent with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) part 12, and 13 as appropriate. All Task Orders issued from resultant IDIQ contracts will be awarded using the procedures stated at FAR16.505 and are subject to the terms and conditions outlined. The minimum guarantee for this acquisition is $57,000.00.

INFORMATIVE: The Government estimates, but does not guarantee, that total Task Orders may reach a sum maximum of $1,388,000 per year. The associated NAICS code is 611430 – Professional and Management Development Training. The establishment of the IDIQ contract(s) creates no guarantee or obligation on the part of the Government to place any Task Orders beyond the minimum stated. Upon award of the IDIQ, proposed prices will become part of the contract document and utilized to award Task Orders. This acquisition is Unrestricted and open to all sources.
INFORMATIVE: Funds will be obligated upon award of individual Task Orders.
CRITICAL: Individual task orders will be awarded on a Firm Fixed Price basis.
INFORMATIVE: Treasury Departmental Offices may utilize this IDIQ contract.
INFORMATIVE: The Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINS) associated with this requirement are 0001, 1001, 2001, and 3001 for Licenses: Exec. Coaching/Assessments/Learning Resources.
INFORMATIVE: The purpose of this requirement is for a web-based application resource that provides a platform for on-demand professional coaching in areas such as alignment, cognitive agility, and managing teams that will equip leaders to more effectively tackle the daily demands associated with their roles for the Treasury’s Departmental Offices.
        INFORMATIVE: The period of performance for this acquisition includes a Base Period and three Option Periods, with Task Orders having their own periods of performance.
        CRITICAL: Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services as well as all other applicable provisions within this solicitation, with its offer.
INFORMATIVE: FAR Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition.
        INFORMATIVE: See Section II for additional contract term and conditions determined necessary for this acquisition.
        INFORMATIVE: The Defense Priorities and Allocation System is not applicable to this acquisition.
INFORMATIVE: The U.S. Department of the Treasury (Treasury), Treasury Executive Institute (TEI) is seeking a subscription to a web-based application resource that provides a platform for on-demand professional coaching in areas such as alignment, cognitive agility, and managing teams that will equip leaders to more effectively tackle the daily demands associated with their roles for the Treasury’s Departmental Offices.
        CRITICAL: The Contractor shall provide online subscription services with online access to the digital libraries via the website platform, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, with customer support.
        CRITICAL: The executive coaching engagement shall consist of 1:1 Coaching by ICF credentialed coaches, On-Demand Coaching with sessions occurring within one business day, Learning/Development Resources to support the coachees to gain knowledge and develop skills in coaching areas which includes a whole-person approach, and Assessment to be completed at start and end of engagements.
CRITICAL: The Contractor shall have the capacity to offer 360 Assessments aligned with Office of Personnel Management’s Executive Core Qualifications included in the platform/licensing fee, platform access for users to serve as a single stop for all services/resources and for admins to show real-time monitoring and usage, and demonstration of ability to scale resources is necessary due to the nature of the contracting mechanism.
        CRITICAL: Engagement Preparation Time includes timely identification of coaches within 5 business days of request, an orientation/intake session within a week of the introductory session, and development of a coaching plan within the first two sessions.
        CRITICAL: The Contractor shall provide unlimited access to coaches for coaching sessions scheduled by the client on the platform based on coach availability and lasting for 30-60 minutes.
        INFORMATIVE: Coaches shall be International Coach Federation credentialed.
        INFORMATIVE: At least one of the 360 Assessment(s) provided on the platform must align with Office of Personnel Management’s Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs) included in the licensing fee, and the Contractor must share documentation attesting to the validity and reliability of the assessment.
INFORMATIVE: Deliverables will be as follows - Monthly Status Report (4.1), Post Session Survey Results (4.1.3), Behavioral Change Data (4.1.4), Final Report (4.2)
CRITICAL: The Contractor must provide Monthly/Quarterly Status Reports and TEI access to an administrative webpage documenting the previous month activity. The reports and webpage must be delivered or made available to TEI designated staff by the 7th of the subsequent month/quarter.
CRITICAL: The Contractor must provide a Final Report prior to the completion of the period of performance, including engagement with coaches, learning resources outside of coaching sessions, post session survey results, and behavioral change data.
INFORMATIVE: The services will be available online via the contractor's website, used on government computers in various agencies who partner with TEI and on government issued computers for employees who telework and/or remote work. Coaching sessions are to be performed virtually via video conference meetings or telephone.
CRITICAL: Task orders placed against this IDIQ will have their own periods of performance.
CRITICAL: Online service must be available 24/7.
INFORMATIVE: The Contractor is responsible for performing live coaching services between the hours of 8 am and 5 pm Monday through Friday based on client location/time zone, or as otherwise required for or requested by the Government at no additional cost, except Federal holidays or when the Government agency is closed due to local or national emergencies, administrative closings, or similar Government directed agency closings.
INFORMATIVE: The Contractor is not required to perform services on certain holidays, but the Government reserves the right to require performance on any day of the year at no additional cost if the circumstances require.
CRITICAL: The Contractor is not authorized to commence performance prior to the issuance of a signed Task Order or other written approval provided by the CO to begin work. 
INFORMATIVE: Information is unclassified and does not require DD Form 250. The service must meet industry standards to comply with 508 regulations.
INFORMATIVE: The Contracting Officer for this action is Michelle A. Greene, located at 5000 Ellin Rd, Lanham, MD 20706. The Contracting Officer is the only person authorized to make or approve any changes in any of the requirements of the contract. The Contracting Officer's Representative is TBD and is responsible for providing technical direction to ensure tasks outlined in the work statement are accomplished satisfactorily.
CRITICAL: The COR's assignment for this contract may be changed at any time by the Government without prior notice to the Contractor. The Contractor will be notified of the change. The Contractor shall provide a Project Manager for this contract who shall have the authority to make any no-cost technical, hiring, and dismissal decisions, or special arrangement regarding this contract. The Project Manager shall be responsible for the overall management and coordination of this contract and shall act as the central point of contact with the Government. The Project Manager shall have full authority to act for the Contractor in the performance of the required services.
        INFORMATIVE: Technical direction may be oral or in writing. The COR must confirm oral direction in writing within five workdays, with a copy to the Contracting Officer. The Contractor shall proceed promptly with performance resulting from the technical direction issued by the COR. If, in the opinion of the Contractor, any direction of the COR or the designated representative falls within the limitations, the Contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer.
CRITICAL: The Government anticipates award of a firm fixed price (FFP) IDIQ contract with FFP Task Orders resulting from this solicitation. Invoices shall be submitted electronically to https://www.ipp.gov. Each invoice submitted shall be supported by appropriate documentation meeting the approval of the Contracting Officer. The Contractor shall submit payment requests electronically using the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) unless authorized otherwise in writing by the Contracting Officer.
INFORMATIVE: The Project Manager or designated representative shall respond within four hours after notification of the existence of a problem. Invoices shall be rendered on a percentage complete basis in an amount equal to the value of the work performed. Payment requests must comply with the requirements identified in FAR 32.905(b), "Content of Invoices" and the applicable Payment clause included in the contract.
CRITICAL: Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) is a secure web-based electronic invoicing and payment information service available to all Federal agencies and their suppliers. Effective October 1, 2012, invoicing through IPP will be mandatory for all new contract awards. Additional information regarding IPP can be found at the IPP website address https://www.ipp.gov. Contractor assistance with enrollment can be obtained by contacting the Bureau of the Public Debt’s IPP Team at 304-480-8000, Option 7 or the IPP Help desk via e-mail at ippgroup@bos.frb.org or via phone at (866) 973-3131.
CRITICAL: Vendor invoices submitted electronically through IPP should be in the proper format and contain the required information for payment processing. A “proper invoice” must meet the minimum standards specified in FAR 32.905(b) in order to be approved for payment.
CRITICAL: If the Contractor is unable to utilize IPP for submitting payment requests starting on October 1, 2012, then a waiver form must be completed in advance and submitted via mail or e-mail for review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format (PDF) and Microsoft Word are acceptable formats for submitting waivers electronically. If the waiver is granted, then a copy of the waiver must be submitted with each invoice that the vendor submits to the payment office.
CRITICAL: This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. The Contracting Officer will make their full text available upon request. The following clauses are incorporated by reference: FAR 52.203-3, 52.203-17, 52.204-4, 52.204-13, 52.204-18, 52.204-19, 52.209-10, 52.212-4, and 52.219-10.
        INFORMATIVE: The clauses cover topics such as gratuities, contractor employee whistleblower rights, postconsumer fiber content paper, system for award management maintenance, commercial and government entity code maintenance, representations and certifications, prohibition on contracting with inverted domestic corporations, contract terms and conditions for commercial products and services, and incentive subcontracting program.
CRITICAL: The following clauses are incorporated by full text: FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders— Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jun 2023). The Contractor shall comply with the specified FAR clauses to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services.
        INFORMATIVE: The specified FAR clauses include provisions related to Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by specific entities, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment, and Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations.
CRITICAL: The clauses 52.232-40, 52.233-3, and 52.233-4 are mentioned in this section.
        INFORMATIVE: Clause 52.232-40 pertains to Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors, 52.233-3 relates to Protest After Award, and 52.233-4 deals with Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim.
CRITICAL: The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses indicated by the Contracting Officer as being incorporated in the contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services. The clauses include 52.203-6, 52.204-10, 52.204-15, 52.204-27, and 52.209-6.
        INFORMATIVE: The clauses cover restrictions on subcontractor sales to the government, reporting executive compensation and subcontract awards, service contract reporting requirements, prohibition on certain applications, and protecting the government's interest when subcontracting with contractors debarred, suspended, or proposed for debarment.
CRITICAL: The chunk includes clauses 52.209-9, 52.219-3, and 52.219-4. 
INFORMATIVE: The clause 52.219-4 allows for a Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns, and if the offeror elects to waive the preference, it shall indicate so in its offer.
CRITICAL: The amendment includes clauses such as 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns, 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan, 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan, which are essential for compliance with small business requirements.
        INFORMATIVE: The clauses listed in the document are related to small business set-asides, subcontracting plans, limitations on subcontracting, and liquidated damages, indicating the importance of small business participation in the contract.
CRITICAL: The chunk includes clauses 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation, 52.219-29, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns, and 52.219-30, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program.
        INFORMATIVE: The chunk also mentions Alternate I of 52.219-28, which is an alternate version of the clause 52.219-28.
CRITICAL: The amendments include clauses such as FAR 52.219-32, 52.219-33, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.222-40, and 52.222-50. 
        INFORMATIVE: These clauses cover various aspects such as orders issued directly under small business reserves, nonmanufacturer rule, convict labor, prohibition of segregated facilities, equal opportunity, equal opportunity for veterans, equal opportunity for workers with disabilities, employment reports on veterans, notification of employee rights under the National Labor Relations Act, and combating trafficking in persons.
INFORMATIVE: The RFP document includes clauses such as 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification, and 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, which have specific applicability criteria mentioned in the document.
INFORMATIVE: This chunk includes a list of clauses related to environmental and energy efficiency regulations that the Contractor must comply with, such as Ozone-Depleting Substances, Energy Efficiency in Energy-Consuming Products, and Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving.
        INFORMATIVE: The clauses also cover the acquisition of EPEAT®-Registered Imaging Equipment, Televisions, and Personal Computer Products, as well as Privacy Training requirements.
CRITICAL: The RFP includes clauses related to Buy American provisions such as FAR 52.225-1 and FAR 52.225-3. 
        INFORMATIVE: Alternate versions of the Buy American provisions are also included in the RFP.
CRITICAL: The chunk includes various FAR clauses such as 52.225-13, 52.225-5, and 52.229-12 that are relevant to the restrictions on certain foreign purchases, trade agreements, and taxes on foreign procurements. These clauses are important for compliance and understanding of the terms and conditions of the solicitation.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk also includes information about alternate versions of certain clauses and additional clauses related to subcontracting, private security functions, disaster or emergency area set-asides, and payment terms.
CRITICAL: The RFP includes clauses such as 52.232-34, 52.232-36, 52.239-1, and 52.242-5 related to payment methods, privacy or security safeguards, and payments to small business subcontractors. 
        INFORMATIVE: These clauses outline specific requirements and regulations regarding payment methods, privacy or security safeguards, and payments to small business subcontractors that the Contractor must adhere to.
CRITICAL: The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses indicated by the Contracting Officer as being incorporated in the contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services. These include clauses such as 52.222-41, 52.222-42, 52.222-43, 52.222-44, 52.222-51, 52.222-53, 52.222-55, and 52.222-62.
INFORMATIVE: These clauses cover aspects such as Service Contract Labor Standards, Fair Labor Standards Act, Price Adjustment, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers, Paid Sick Leave, and exemptions from certain labor standards for specific types of contracts.
CRITICAL: The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of paragraph (d) regarding Comptroller General Examination of Record if the contract was awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit and Records-Negotiation.
INFORMATIVE: The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative, shall have access to and right to examine any of the Contractor’s directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract.
CRITICAL: The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination, audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR subpart 4.7, Contractor Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. Records relating to appeals under the disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved.
        INFORMATIVE: Records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type and form. The Contractor is not required to flow down any FAR clause, other than those specified in the clause, in a subcontract for commercial products or commercial services. The extent of the flow down shall be as required by the specified clauses.
CRITICAL: The RFP includes clauses such as 52.204-23, 52.204-25, 52.204-27, 52.219-8, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, and 52.222-35 which outline prohibitions on contracting for specific services or equipment, utilization of small business concerns, and equal opportunity requirements.
        INFORMATIVE: These clauses are in place to ensure compliance with various laws and regulations related to contracting, subcontracting, and equal opportunity.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk includes various FAR Clauses related to Equal Opportunity, Employment Reports on Veterans, Notification of Employee Rights, Service Contract Labor Standards, Combating Trafficking in Persons, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards, Employment Eligibility Verification, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers, Paid Sick Leave, and Privacy Training. These clauses outline specific requirements and regulations that the Contractor must adhere to in relation to workers' rights, labor standards, and other related aspects.
INFORMATIVE: The RFP document includes clauses such as 52.225-26, 52.226-6, 52.232-40, and 52.247-64 which have specific requirements and flow down provisions that must be followed. These clauses cover topics such as Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors, and Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels.
CRITICAL: The Contractor may include in its subcontracts for commercial products and commercial services a minimal number of additional clauses necessary to satisfy its contractual obligations. Orders for supplies and services under the contract shall be issued through delivery orders or task orders by designated individuals or activities listed in the Schedule. Orders may be issued from 09/30/2023 through 09/29/2027. All delivery orders or task orders are subject to the terms and conditions of the contract. In case of conflict between an order and the contract, the contract shall prevail. Orders are considered "issued" when sent by mail, fax, or electronically as specified in the clause. Orders may be issued by methods other than those specified in the clause only if authorized in the contract.
        INFORMATIVE: The minimum order amount for supplies or services covered by the contract is less than $57,000, the Government is not obligated to purchase, nor is the Contractor obligated to furnish, those supplies or services under the contract. The Contractor is not obligated to honor any order for a single item or combination of items in excess of $1,000,000.
INFORMATIVE: The Contractor shall honor any order exceeding the maximum order limitations unless the order is returned to the ordering office within 5 days with written notice of intent not to ship the item.
        INFORMATIVE: The Government may require continued performance of services within the limits and rates specified in the contract, with the option to extend the contract term by written notice within 7 days.
CRITICAL: The total duration of the contract shall not exceed 48 months or 4 years.
        INFORMATIVE: The Contractor, or any entity or representative acting on behalf of the Contractor, shall not refer to the supplies or services furnished pursuant to the provisions of this contract in any news.
CRITICAL: The Contractor shall not make any reference to supplies or services provided under the contract in any news release or commercial advertising without obtaining explicit written consent from the Contracting Officer. Violation of this clause may result in remedies under applicable law and may impact past performance evaluation.
INFORMATIVE: The DTAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items clause outlines definitions related to commercial supplier agreements and their application in commercial item contracts. Commercial supplier agreements are common in information technology acquisitions and may take various formats or delivery mechanisms.
INFORMATIVE: In case of any inconsistencies in the solicitation or contract, precedence shall be given in the following order - Schedule of supplies/services, Assignments, Disputes, Payments, Invoice, Other Compliances, Compliance with Laws Unique to Government Contracts, Unauthorized Obligations, and Commercial Supplier Agreements-Unenforceable Clauses paragraphs, and the clause at 52.212-5.
CRITICAL: The chunk provides information on the order of documents and clauses that should be included in the solicitation, such as solicitation provisions, addenda, Standard Form 1449, specification, and more.
        INFORMATIVE: The chunk also outlines rules regarding unauthorized obligations and clauses that are unenforceable against the Government, as well as clauses that are deemed incorporated into commercial supplier agreements.
INFORMATIVE: This agreement is a part of a contract between the commercial supplier and the Government for the acquisition of the supply or service that necessitates a license, including all contracts, task orders, and delivery orders under FAR 12.
CRITICAL: The agreement shall bind the Government as the end user but shall not bind a Government employee or person acting on behalf of the Government in their personal capacity. The agreement is governed by Federal law. Any language purporting to subject the Government to the laws of a U.S. state, U.S. territory, district, or municipality, or a foreign nation, except where Federal law expressly provides for the application of such laws, is deleted. Any language requiring dispute resolution in a specific forum or venue that is different from that prescribed by applicable Federal law is deleted. Any language prescribing a different time period for bringing an action than that prescribed by applicable Federal law in relation to a dispute is deleted. If the supplier or licensor believes the Government to be in breach of the agreement, it shall pursue its rights under the Contract Disputes Act or other applicable Federal statute with continuing performance. In the event of a claim or dispute arising under or relating to this agreement, binding arbitration shall not be used unless specifically authorized by agency guidance, and equitable or injunctive relief may be awarded against the Government only when explicitly provided by statute.
INFORMATIVE: This agreement may unilaterally incorporate additional terms by reference. Terms may be included by reference using electronic means (e.g., via web links, click and accept, etc.).
CRITICAL: The terms included in the contract shall be enforceable only if they meet specific criteria, including being readily available at referenced locations, not materially changing government obligations, not increasing government prices, not decreasing the overall level of service, and not limiting any other Government rights addressed elsewhere in the contract. Any software license terms unilaterally revised subsequent to award that are inconsistent with any material term or provision of the contract are not enforceable against the Government.
INFORMATIVE: The agreement shall not have automatic renewals for licenses or services tied to periodic payment without prior express Government approval.
INFORMATIVE: The U.S. Department of Justice has the sole right to represent the United States in any action requiring the commercial supplier or licensor to defend or indemnify the end user.
INFORMATIVE: Discrepancies found in an audit may result in a charge by the commercial supplier or licensor to the Government, with proper invoicing requirements specified in the underlying Government contract or order.
INFORMATIVE: Any taxes or surcharges passed along to the Government as end user must be governed by the terms of the underlying Government contract and approved by the Contracting Officer prior to invoicing.
INFORMATIVE: The agreement may not be assigned or have rights or obligations delegated without the Government's prior approval, except as expressly permitted.
INFORMATIVE: The agreement includes a confidentiality clause that is amended to state that neither the agreement nor the contract price shall be deemed "confidential information." Issues regarding release of "unit pricing" will be resolved consistent with the Freedom of Information Act. The Government may retain any confidential information as required by law, regulation, or internal document retention procedures for legal, regulatory, or compliance purposes, subject to the confidentiality obligations of the agreement.
CRITICAL: The Contractor shall confirm its commitment to equal opportunity in employment and contracting, ensuring the fair inclusion of minorities and women in its workforce. The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause in all subcontracts awarded under this contract whose dollar value exceeds $150,000. Within ten business days of a written request from the Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall provide documentation of the actions taken to demonstrate compliance with these provisions.
        INFORMATIVE: The Contractor's commitment to equal opportunity in employment and contracting includes efforts to identify and remove barriers to minority and women employment or expansion of opportunities within its workforce. This may include recruiting minorities and women, providing job-related training, or other activities to achieve these goals.
CRITICAL: The documentation requested by the Contracting Officer to demonstrate "good faith effort" may include the total number of Contractor's employees, number of minority and women employees, list of subcontract awards, information about subcontractors, and the Contractor's plan to ensure opportunities for minorities and women in the workforce.
        INFORMATIVE: Failure to demonstrate good faith efforts to include minorities and women in the Contractor's workforce may result in termination of the contract for default, other contractual remedies, or referral to the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP). Compliance with this clause does not necessarily satisfy the requirements of Executive Order 11246.
INFORMATIVE: The terms "minority," "minority-owned business," and "women-owned business" shall have the meanings set forth in Section 342(g) of the Dodd-Frank Act.
        INFORMATIVE: The Department of the Treasury may publish the contract or portions thereof, including orders issued under the contract when deemed in the best interest of the Government.
        INFORMATIVE: The Contractor may submit proposed redactions for any information contained in the Treasury contract that may be subject to a FOIA exemption within ten business days from the date of award of the contract or any order issued under the contract.
        INFORMATIVE: The Contractor may request additional time to complete the redaction process, and lack of action by the Contractor will be deemed as there being no information in the Treasury contract subject to a FOIA exemption.
INFORMATIVE: Information provided by the Contractor in response to this clause may itself be subject to disclosure under the FOIA.
        INFORMATIVE: DTAR 1052.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations (Jan 2016) defines "Commercial supplier agreements" as terms and conditions customarily offered to the public by vendors of supplies or services that meet certain criteria.
INFORMATIVE: Commercial supplier agreements (CSA) are common in information technology acquisitions and may apply to any supply or service. CSAs may be styled as standard terms of sale or lease, Terms of Service (TOS), End User License Agreement (EULA), or another similar legal instrument. They can be presented in various formats and delivery mechanisms, including paper documents or electronic devices.
        CRITICAL: When any supply or service acquired under a contract is subject to a CSA that includes language requiring the Government to indemnify the Contractor or any person/entity for damages, costs, fees, or any other loss, the language is unenforceable against the Government. The Government or any authorized end user is not bound by such clauses, even if agreed to through a click box or similar mechanism. Such language is deemed to be stricken from the CSA.
INFORMATIVE: Paragraph (b) of this clause does not apply to indemnification by the Government that is expressly authorized by statute and specifically authorized under applicable agency regulations and procedures.
        INFORMATIVE: DTAR 1052.232-70 Commercial Supplier Agreements-Unenforceable Clauses (Jan 2016) defines "Commercial supplier agreements" as terms and conditions customarily offered to the public by vendors of supplies or services that meet the definition of commercial item set forth in FAR 2.101 and intended to create a binding legal obligation on the end user. Commercial supplier agreements (CSA) are particularly common in information technology acquisitions.
CRITICAL: The language regarding commercial supplier agreements (CSA) shall be deemed incorporated into the commercial supplier agreement when any supply or service acquired under the contract is subject to a CSA. The agreement is part of a contract between the commercial supplier and the Government for the acquisition of the supply or service that necessitates a license. The agreement shall bind the Government as the end user but shall not bind a Government employee or person acting on behalf of the Government in their personal capacity. The agreement is governed by Federal law, and any language purporting to subject the Government to the laws of a U.S. state, U.S. territory, district, or municipality, or foreign nation, except where Federal law expressly provides for the application of such laws, is deleted. Any language requiring dispute resolution in a specific forum or venue that is different from that prescribed by applicable Federal law is also deleted.
INFORMATIVE: The term "this agreement" refers to the commercial supplier agreement.
INFORMATIVE: Any language prescribing a different time period for bringing an action than that prescribed by applicable Federal law in relation to a dispute is deleted.
        INFORMATIVE: If the supplier or licensor believes the Government to be in breach of the agreement, it shall pursue its rights under the Contract Disputes Act or other applicable Federal statute continuing performance as set forth in the clause at FAR 52.233-1, Disputes.
        INFORMATIVE: In the event of a claim or dispute arising under or relating to this agreement, binding arbitration shall not be used unless specifically authorized.
INFORMATIVE: The agreement may unilaterally incorporate additional terms by reference, including through electronic means. These terms must be readily available at referenced locations, not materially change government obligations, not increase government prices, not decrease the overall level of service, and not limit any other Government right addressed elsewhere in the contract.
INFORMATIVE: Any software license terms unilaterally revised subsequent to award that are inconsistent with any material term or provision of the contract are not enforceable against the Government.
INFORMATIVE: No automatic renewals are allowed for licenses or services tied to periodic payment provided under the agreement without prior express Government approval.
INFORMATIVE: Any clause requiring the commercial supplier or licensor to defend or indemnify the end user is amended to provide that the U.S. Department of Justice has the sole right to represent the United States in any such action.
INFORMATIVE: Any clause permitting the commercial supplier or licensor to audit the end user's compliance with the agreement may result in a charge by the commercial supplier or licensor to the Government for discrepancies found in an audit.
CRITICAL: Any resulting invoice must comply with the proper invoicing requirements specified in the underlying Government contract or order. This charge, if disputed by the Government, will be resolved through the clause at FAR 52.233-1, Disputes; no payment obligation shall arise on part of the Government until the conclusion of the dispute process.
INFORMATIVE: Any audit requested by the commercial supplier or licensor will be performed at the commercial supplier’s or licensor’s expense, without reimbursement by the Government.
INFORMATIVE: Taxes or surcharges passed along to the Government as end user will be governed by the terms of the underlying contract and must be submitted to the Contracting Officer for a determination of applicability prior to invoicing.
INFORMATIVE: The agreement may not be assigned or rights or obligations delegated without the Government's prior approval, except as permitted under the clause at FAR 52.232-23, Assignment of Claims.
INFORMATIVE: Confidential information in the agreement shall not include the agreement or price list. The Government may retain confidential information as required by law, regulation, or internal document retention procedures.
INFORMATIVE: Provisions of the agreement shall prevail in case of any conflicts or inconsistencies.
INFORMATIVE: The contractor is required to provide information, documentation, and support relative to the supplies and services as described in the statement of work, performance work statement, or statement of objectives. Technical standards and provisions outlined in Chapter 6: Support Documentation and Services are applicable to this contract.
CRITICAL: Each information and communication technology (ICT) product and/or product related service delivered under the terms of this contract must conform to the applicable accessibility standards at 36 CFR, Appendix C to Part 1194 at the level of conformance as specified in the Attachment. The technical standards applicable to this contract include Chapter 4: Hardware, Closed Functionality, Biometrics, Preservation of Information Provided for Accessibility, Privacy, Standard Connections, and Operable Parts.
        INFORMATIVE: The Attachment entitled, “(Please state where attachment may be found and name of attachment for example, Section J., Voluntary Product Accessibility Template (VPAT) or Section J., Evaluation Matrix)” specifies the level of conformance required for accessibility standards.
INFORMATIVE: This chunk includes various sections related to display screens, status indicators, color coding, audible signals, ICT with two-way communication, closed caption processing technologies, audio description processing technologies, and user controls for captions and audio descriptions.
        INFORMATIVE: Chapter 5 focuses on Software, including sections on general software, interoperability with assistive technology, applications, and authoring tools.
        INFORMATIVE: Chapter 7 covers Referenced Standards with a general section.
CRITICAL: All contracts, solicitations, purchase orders, delivery orders, and interagency agreements that contain a requirement of services which will result in the delivery of a new or updated information and communication technology (ICT) item/product must conform to the applicable provisions of the appropriate technical standards in 36 CFR, Appendix C to Part 1194, and functional performance criteria in 36 CFR Chapter 3, unless an agency exception to this requirement exists at FAR 39.204 Exceptions. The technical standards and provisions applicable to this contract include Chapter 4: Hardware, Closed Functionality, and Biometrics.
        INFORMATIVE: The standards do not require the installation of specific accessibility-related software or the attachment of an assistive technology device, but merely require that the ICT be compatible with such software and devices so that it can be made accessible if so required by the agency in the future.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk includes various sections related to preservation of information, privacy, standard connections, operable parts, display screens, status indicators, color coding, audible signals, ICT with two-way communication, closed caption processing technologies, audio description processing technologies, and user controls for captions and audio descriptions.
        INFORMATIVE: Chapter 5: Software includes sections on general software requirements and interoperability with assistive technology.
INFORMATIVE: The standards do not require the installation of specific accessibility-related software or the attachment of an assistive technology device, but merely require that the ICT be compatible with such software and devices so that it can be made accessible if so required by the agency in the future.
        INFORMATIVE: The following functional performance criteria (36 CFR Chapter 3) apply to this contract.
        CRITICAL: Interim and final evaluations of contractor performance will be prepared on this contract in accordance with FAR 42.15. The Assessing Official (e.g., Contracting Officer) will prepare a final performance evaluation at the time the work on the contract is completed. In addition to the final evaluation, interim evaluations will be prepared annually to coincide with the anniversary date of the contract.
INFORMATIVE: The past performance evaluation process will be conducted using the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), which is a web-based system.
INFORMATIVE: Contractors must register in CPARS for electronic processing of performance evaluation reports. Evaluations will be provided for review and comment, with the option to request a meeting with the Contracting Officer to discuss scores and provide feedback. Evaluations of contractor past performance will be posted to the relevant database within 14 days. If the Contractor elects not to provide comments, they should acknowledge receipt of the evaluation by indicating "No comment" and sign and date the form. If the Contractor does not sign and submit the form within 14 days, it will automatically be returned to the Government.
INFORMATIVE: The contractor's late comments must be posted to PPIRS, but the government's original report will still be available to all source selection officials. An agency is not required to modify its evaluation based on the contractor's comments. The contractor may appeal its review one level above the Contracting Officer to the Reviewing Official, but the appeal does not stop the 14-day reporting period and the original evaluation will be posted on PPIRS. The contractor must protect the evaluation as "source selection information" and transmit it through CPARS after review.
CRITICAL: The Contractor must strictly control access to the evaluation within their organization and ensure it is never released to persons or entities outside of their control. They must also prohibit the use of evaluation data for advertising, promotional material, or other similar purposes. The Contracting Officer is the only person authorized to make or approve any changes in the requirements of the order.
INFORMATIVE: A copy of the completed past performance evaluation will be available in CPARS for the Contractor's review and for Government use supporting source selection actions after it has been finalized. In the event the Contractor makes any changes at the discretion of any person other than the Contracting Officer, the change will be considered unauthorized and no adjustment will be made in the order price to cover any increase in costs incurred.
CRITICAL: The solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. The vendor must complete any blocks in the provisions and submit them with its quotation or offer. The full text of the provisions can be accessed electronically at the provided address.
        INFORMATIVE: The listed provisions include FAR 52.203-18, 52.203-19, 52.204-7, 52.204-16, 52.204-17, 52.204-22, and 52.217-5.
CRITICAL: The offeror must certify that the prices in the offer have been arrived at independently and without any consultation, communication, or agreement with any other offeror or competitor. The prices should not be disclosed to any other offeror or competitor before bid opening or contract award, and no attempt should be made to restrict competition.
INFORMATIVE: The certification required under FAR 52.203-2 ensures fair competition and transparency in the pricing process.
INFORMATIVE: Each signature on the offer is considered to be a certification by the signatory that they are the person responsible for determining the prices being offered in the bid or proposal, and that they have not participated and will not participate in any actions contrary to the provision. If the signatory is acting as an agent for principals, they must certify that the principals have not participated and will not participate in any actions contrary to the provision.
CRITICAL: The chunk includes information about FAR 52.204-5, which defines a "Women-owned business concern" and requires a representation if the offeror is a women-owned business concern. It also includes information about FAR 52.204-24, which states that the Offeror shall not complete a representation if they have already represented that they do not provide covered telecommunications equipment or services.
        INFORMATIVE: The chunk also mentions that if the offeror deletes or modifies certain provisions, they must provide a signed statement detailing the circumstances of the disclosure.
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror shall not complete the representation in paragraph (d)(2) of this provision if they have represented that they do not use covered telecommunications equipment or services in paragraph (c)(2) of the provision at 52.204-26, or in paragraph (v)(2)(ii) of the provision at 52.212-3.
        INFORMATIVE: Definitions for terms like Backhaul, covered telecommunications equipment or services, critical technology, interconnection arrangements, reasonable inquiry, roaming, and substantial or essential component are provided in the clause 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment.
        INFORMATIVE: Section 889(a)(1)(A) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 prohibits the head of an executive agency from entering into a contract (or extending or renewing a contract) with an entity that uses any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system.
INFORMATIVE: The document includes information about the prohibition on procuring equipment, systems, or services that use covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, as outlined in Section 889(a)(1)(B) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror is required to review the list of excluded parties in the System for Award Management (SAM) for entities excluded from receiving federal awards for "covered telecommunications equipment or services".
CRITICAL: The Offeror must indicate whether they will or will not provide covered telecommunications equipment or services to the Government in the performance of any contract resulting from this solicitation. Additional disclosure information is required if the Offeror responds "will" in this section.
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror must disclose whether they use covered telecommunications equipment or services, or any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services. If the Offeror responds affirmatively, they must provide additional disclosure information as required. 
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror must provide detailed information about the covered equipment or services offered, including the entity that produced the equipment, description of the equipment, and explanation of the proposed use. 
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror must also provide information about covered services offered, including descriptions and explanations of proposed use.
INFORMATIVE: If the Offeror has responded "does" in the representation in paragraph (d)(2) of this provision, they shall provide information about the entity that produced the covered telecommunications equipment, including entity name, unique entity identifier, CAGE code, and whether the entity was the OEM or a distributor.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk includes information about covered telecommunications equipment and services, including a description of the equipment offered, proposed use, and factors relevant to determining permissibility under the prohibition clause.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk also mentions the completion of Offeror Representations and Certifications electronically in the System for Award Management (SAM) or manually in the provision.
CRITICAL: An Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB) concern is a small business that is at least 51% owned by women who are citizens of the United States and economically disadvantaged. The management and daily business operations must also be controlled by these women. This concern must be certified by the SBA or an approved third-party certifier to qualify as a women-owned small business eligible under the WOSB Program.
        INFORMATIVE: Forced or indentured child labor refers to all work or service that involves children being forced or coerced into labor.
CRITICAL: Definitions for Highest-level owner, Immediate owner, Inverted domestic corporation, and Manufactured end product are provided in this chunk.
        INFORMATIVE: Highest-level owner means the entity that owns or controls an immediate owner of the offeror, or that owns or controls one or more entities that control an immediate owner of the offeror. Immediate owner means an entity, other than the offeror, that has direct control of the offeror. Inverted domestic corporation means a foreign incorporated entity that meets the definition of an inverted domestic corporation under 6 U.S.C. 395(b). Manufactured end product means any end product in product and service codes (PSCs) 1000-9999, with exceptions listed.
        INFORMATIVE: Place of manufacture means the place where an end product is assembled out of components, or otherwise made or processed from raw materials into the finished product that is to be provided.
CRITICAL: The chunk provides definitions for terms like Predecessor, Reasonable inquiry, Restricted business operations, and Sensitive technology.
        INFORMATIVE: Predecessor means an entity that is replaced by a successor and includes any predecessors of the predecessor. Reasonable inquiry has the meaning provided in the clause 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. Restricted business operations means business operations in Sudan that include specific activities. Sensitive technology refers to hardware, software, telecommunications equipment, or any other technology used to restrict information flow in Iran or disrupt speech.
        INFORMATIVE: The chunk also mentions exceptions to restricted business operations, such as providing goods or services to marginalized populations, peacekeeping forces, or for health and education purposes.
CRITICAL: The chunk provides definitions and criteria for a small business concern and a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern. This information is crucial for potential offerors to understand the eligibility requirements for participation in the contract.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk outlines the ownership, management, and operational control criteria for a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern. It also explains the definition of a small business concern and the factors considered for determining affiliation.
CRITICAL: A small disadvantaged business concern is defined as a small business concern that is at least 51 percent unconditionally and directly owned by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals who are citizens of the United States, with each individual having a net worth not exceeding $750,000. The management and daily business operations must be controlled by individuals meeting these criteria.
        INFORMATIVE: A subsidiary is an entity in which more than 50 percent is owned directly by a parent corporation.
CRITICAL: A "successor" is an entity that has replaced a predecessor by acquiring the assets and carrying out the affairs of the predecessor under a new name. The term "successor" does not include new offices/divisions of the same company or a company that only changes its name. The extent of the responsibility of the successor for the liabilities of the predecessor may vary, depending on State law and specific circumstances.
        INFORMATIVE: Definitions of Veteran-owned small business concern, Women-owned business concern, Women-owned small business concern, and Women-owned small business (WOSB) concern eligible under the WOSB Program are provided in the document.
INFORMATIVE: Offerors must complete the annual representations and certifications electronically in SAM accessed through http://www.sam.gov. The Offeror verifies by submission of the offer that the representations and certifications currently posted electronically at FAR 52.212-3 have been entered or updated in the last 12 months, are current, and accurate.
CRITICAL: Offerors must complete the representations and certifications listed in the amendment and ensure they are current, accurate, and complete at the time of submission. Any changes provided by the offeror are applicable to this solicitation only and do not result in an update to the representations and certifications posted electronically on SAM.
        INFORMATIVE: Offerors must complete the representations related to small business concern, veteran-owned small business concern, and service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern as part of their offer.
CRITICAL: The offeror must represent whether they are a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern, a joint venture compliant with specific requirements, or a small disadvantaged business concern.
        INFORMATIVE: Each service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern participating in the joint venture must provide representation of its status. The offeror must also represent whether they are a small disadvantaged business concern as defined in 13 CFR 124.1002.
CRITICAL: Offerors must complete the representations regarding women-owned small business concerns, WOSB joint ventures, economically disadvantaged women-owned small business joint ventures, women-owned business concerns, tie bid priority for labor surplus area concerns, and HUBZone small business concerns as required in the RFP. Failure to complete these representations may result in exclusion from consideration.
        INFORMATIVE: Offerors must accurately represent their status as a women-owned small business concern, WOSB joint venture eligibility, EDWOSB joint venture status, and other relevant categories as outlined in the RFP.
CRITICAL: The offeror must represent whether they are a HUBZone small business concern and if they will maintain an employment rate of HUBZone residents of 35 percent of its employees during performance of a HUBZone contract. They must also represent if they are part of a HUBZone joint venture and provide the necessary information.
        INFORMATIVE: The offeror must also represent if they have participated in a previous contract or subcontract subject to the Equal Opportunity clause of this solicitation.
INFORMATIVE: Offerors must provide information regarding affirmative action compliance and certification regarding payments to influence federal transactions if the contract is expected to exceed $150,000. Offerors must also provide a Buy American Certificate if the clause at FAR 52.225-1 is included in the solicitation.
CRITICAL: The Offeror shall list as foreign end products those end products manufactured in the United States that do not qualify as domestic end products. For those foreign end products that do not consist wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, the Offeror shall also indicate whether these foreign end products exceed 55 percent domestic content, except for those that are COTS items. If the percentage of the domestic content is unknown, select “no”.
        INFORMATIVE: The terms “commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item,” “critical component,” “domestic end product,” "end product," "foreign end product," and "United States" are defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy American-Supplies."
CRITICAL: The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of FAR part 25, including the Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate. Offerors must certify that each end product is a domestic end product and that each domestic end product contains a critical component. Definitions for terms such as "domestic end product," "critical component," and "Free Trade Agreement country" are provided in the solicitation clause.
INFORMATIVE: Offerors must also certify if any supplies are Free Trade Agreement country end products or Israeli end products as defined in the solicitation clause.
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror shall list foreign end products and indicate if they exceed 55% domestic content. They shall also list line item numbers of domestic end products that contain a critical component. The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of FAR part 25.
CRITICAL: The RFP includes requirements for Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate, Alternate III, and Trade Agreements Certificate. Offerors must provide the necessary certifications and list the country of origin for each end product as required by the clauses mentioned. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in the offeror being excluded from consideration.
INFORMATIVE: The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of FAR part 25. For line items covered by the WTO GPA, the Government will evaluate offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products without regard to the restrictions of the Buy American statute. The Government will consider for award only offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products.
CRITICAL: The offeror must provide a Certification Regarding Responsibility Matters (Executive Order 12689) if the contract value is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. The certification includes information on debarment, criminal convictions, indictments, and delinquent Federal taxes.
INFORMATIVE: The Contracting Officer may determine the need for end products if there are no offers or insufficient offers for such products to fulfill the requirements of the solicitation.
INFORMATIVE: A taxpayer is delinquent if they have failed to pay the tax liability when full payment was due and required. However, a taxpayer is not delinquent in cases where enforced collection action is precluded.
INFORMATIVE: The chunk includes information about taxpayer rights in different scenarios such as sustaining a lien filing, contesting tax liability, installment agreements, bankruptcy protection, and certification regarding child labor for listed end products.
CRITICAL: The offeror must certify that it has made a good faith effort to determine whether forced or indentured child labor was used in the production of any end product furnished under the contract. The offeror must certify that it is not aware of any such use of child labor.
        INFORMATIVE: The offeror must indicate the place of manufacture of the end products it expects to provide in response to the solicitation for statistical purposes.
INFORMATIVE: The document is Amendment 1 of the RFP and is on page 65 of 91.
INFORMATIVE: The certification regarding exemptions from the application of the Service Contract Labor Standards is required, and the contracting officer must indicate if paragraph (k)(1) or (k)(2) applies.
INFORMATIVE: The offeror must certify whether the items of equipment to be serviced under the contract are used regularly for other than Governmental purposes and are sold or traded in substantial quantities to the general public, among other requirements.
CRITICAL: The offeror must certify whether the services under the contract are offered and sold regularly to non-Governmental customers, provided to the general public in substantial quantities, and furnished at established catalog or market prices. Additionally, the offeror must ensure that each service employee spends only a small portion of their time servicing the Government contract.
INFORMATIVE: The certification requirements outlined in the chunk are crucial for determining the eligibility and compliance of the offeror with the contract terms and conditions.
CRITICAL: The compensation (wage and fringe benefits) plan for all service employees performing work under the contract must be the same as that used for equivalent employees servicing commercial customers. If the offeror does not certify to the conditions and the Contracting Officer did not attach a Service Contract Labor Standards wage determination to the solicitation, the offeror must notify the Contracting Officer as soon as possible. The Contracting Officer may not make an award to the offeror if the offeror fails to execute the certification or to contact the Contracting Officer as required.
        INFORMATIVE: All offerors must submit the information required in paragraphs (l)(3) through (l)(5) of this provision to comply with debt collection requirements, reporting requirements, and implementing regulations issued by the IRS. The TIN provided may be used by the Government to collect and report on any delinquent amounts arising out of the offeror’s relationship with the Government. If the resulting contract is subject to the payment reporting requirements, the TIN provided may be matched with IRS records to verify accuracy.
INFORMATIVE: TIN (Taxpayer Identification Number) is not required for Offerors who fall under the specified categories: nonresident alien, foreign corporation, foreign partnership without income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, agency or instrumentality of a foreign government, or agency or instrumentality of the Federal Government.
CRITICAL: The offeror must certify that they do not conduct any restricted business operations in Sudan. The offeror must also represent whether they are an inverted domestic corporation or a subsidiary of one. The offeror must email questions concerning sensitive technology to the Department of State at CISADA106@state.gov regarding contracting with entities engaging in certain activities or transactions relating to Iran.
        INFORMATIVE: The offeror must specify their business entity type from options such as sole proprietorship, partnership, corporate entity (tax-exempt), etc.
CRITICAL: Offerors must make representations and certifications regarding exporting sensitive technology to Iran, engaging in activities for which sanctions may be imposed under the Iran Sanctions Act, and engaging in transactions with Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps. Failure to comply may result in exclusion from consideration.
INFORMATIVE: The representation and certification requirements do not apply if the solicitation includes a trade agreements certification and all offered products are designated country end products. Offerors must also represent whether they have an immediate owner.
INFORMATIVE: If the Offeror has more than one immediate owner (such as a joint venture), then the Offeror shall respond to paragraph (2) and if applicable, paragraph (3) of this provision for each participant in the joint venture.
        INFORMATIVE: Immediate owner CAGE code and legal name must be provided, and whether the immediate owner is owned or controlled by another entity must be indicated.
CRITICAL: The Offeror must provide information on the highest-level owner CAGE code and legal name if the immediate owner is owned or controlled by another entity. The Government will not enter into a contract with any corporation that has unpaid Federal tax liability or was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months unless suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government.
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror must represent whether they are a corporation with unpaid Federal tax liability or have been convicted of a felony criminal violation under a Federal law within the preceding 24 months.
CRITICAL: The Offeror must indicate whether they are or are not a successor to a predecessor that held a Federal contract or grant within the last three years. This applies in all solicitations that include the provision at 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting.
CRITICAL: The Offeror must provide information for all predecessors that held a Federal contract or grant within the last three years, listing them in reverse chronological order. The representation regarding Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals applies if the Offeror received $7.5 million or more in contract awards in the prior Federal fiscal year.
INFORMATIVE: The representation includes checking applicable blocks for publicly disclosing greenhouse gas emissions and reduction goals, with specific criteria outlined for each.
CRITICAL: The Offeror must provide the publicly accessible website(s) where greenhouse gas emissions and/or reduction goals are reported if they checked "does" in specific paragraphs.
        INFORMATIVE: Government agencies are not permitted to use funds for contracts with entities that require employees or subcontractors to sign internal confidentiality agreements prohibiting them from reporting waste, fraud, or abuse.
CRITICAL: The Offeror must review the list of excluded parties in the System for Award Management (SAM) for entities excluded from receiving federal awards for "covered telecommunications equipment or services". The Offeror must also provide a representation regarding covered telecommunications equipment or services as part of its offered products or services to the Government.
        INFORMATIVE: The Government contemplates awarding an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with Firm Fixed Priced Task Orders resulting from this solicitation.
INFORMATIVE: The provision FAR 52.233-2 Service of Protest (Sep 2006) is mentioned at the end of the chunk.
INFORMATIVE: Protests, as defined in section 33.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that are filed directly with an agency, and copies of any protests that are filed with the Government Accountability Office (GAO), shall be served on the Contracting Officer at 5000 Ellin Rd., Lanham, MD 20706. The copy of any protest shall be received within one day of filing a protest with the GAO.
        INFORMATIVE: Definitions related to the DTAR 1052.209-70 Notice and Consent to Disclose and Use of Taxpayer Return Information provision are provided, including Authorized representative(s) of the offeror, Delinquent Federal tax liability, and Tax check.
        INFORMATIVE: Pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 6103(a) taxpayer return information is confidential, but officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury, including the IRS, may have access to taxpayer return information as necessary for tax administration.
INFORMATIVE: The Department of the Treasury has determined that an IRS contractor's compliance with the tax laws is a tax administration matter and that access to and use of taxpayer return information is needed for determining an offeror's eligibility to receive an award.
INFORMATIVE: The performance of a tax check is one means that will be used for determining an offeror's eligibility to receive an award in response to this solicitation. Offerors may want to confirm they do not have a delinquent Federal tax liability prior to submission of their response.
CRITICAL: The offeror must execute the consent to disclosure provided in paragraph (d) of this provision and include it with the submission of its offer. The consent to disclosure shall be signed by an authorized person as required and defined in 26 U.S.C. 6103(c) and 26 CFR 301.6103(c)-1(e)(4).
CRITICAL: The offeror must consent to the disclosure of taxpayer return information to the Department of the Treasury, Internal Revenue Service, as necessary to resolve any matters pertaining to the results of the tax check, to the authorized representatives of the offeror. Failure to provide this authorization may remove the offer from eligibility to receive an award under this solicitation.
CRITICAL: This solicitation does not commit the Government to pay any costs incurred in the submission of any proposal or bid, or in making necessary studies or design for the preparation thereof or to acquire or contract for any services.
        CRITICAL: All communications concerning the solicitation, including any of a technical nature, must be made through the CO. Correspondence, including written questions, shall be directed to the address shown in Block 8 of the Standard Form 33 and marked for the attention of the individual whose name appears in Block 10A of that form. All verbal communications shall also be directed to that individual.
        CRITICAL: Questions concerning any technical aspect of the solicitation must be in writing. In order to ensure a timely response, questions shall be received by the Contracting Officer at least 7 days before the due date for receipt of proposals. After this date, the Government will make every effort, but cannot guarantee that questions submitted will be answered before the RFP closing date.
CRITICAL: All communications and questions concerning the RFP, including any of a technical nature, shall be made through the Contracts Specialist, Aaron C. Hill and the Contracting Officer, Angela C. Gallo. Questions regarding this RFP must be submitted via email to Aaron C. Hill. The Proposal Submission Date and Time for Phase 1 Demonstration of existing Commercial Off the Shelf (COTS) On Demand Coaching Platform Resource is on or before 4:00 PM Eastern Daylight Savings Time (EDT) THURSDAY, August 10, 2023.

INFORMATIVE: The Government intends to issue a single Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) from this Request for Proposal (RFP). Responses to questions submitted will be responded to via an amendment to the RFP only, which will be distributed via email. Any inquiries received after the deadline stated may not be answered. No other channel of communication between the Offeror and an officer, employee, or agent of the Government regarding this RFP is permitted.
CRITICAL: Phase 2 Proposals must be submitted electronically by 2:00 PM EDT on or before THURSDAY, August 31, 2023, to the Contracts Specialist, Aaron C. Hill (Aaron.C.Hill@irs.gov) and the Contracting Officer, Angela C. Gallo (Angela.C.Gallo@irs.gov).
        CRITICAL: Paper size should be 8.5”x11”, single spaced, with 1” margins all around. Text shall be no smaller than 12-point font.
CRITICAL: Font style and size for illustrations, drawings, and tables are at the Offeror’s discretion, but all labels and markings must be easily readable. Color may be used at the discretion of the Offeror.
        CRITICAL: Every page should have a page number, except for the Title Page. Blank pages will contain the marking “Page Intentionally Left Blank.” Every page will contain the Offeror’s name and the RFP number.
        CRITICAL: Submissions shall be via email in MS Word, MS Excel, and/or .pdf format.
        CRITICAL: The RFP response package shall be organized as follows: Volume I – Cover Letter, Volume II – Technical Approach, Volume III - Management Approach, Volume IV – Past Performance, and Volume V – Cost/Price.
        INFORMATIVE: The Offerors will provide a demonstration of their COTS On Demand Coaching Platform and will have the opportunity to voluntarily withdraw from Phase 2 participation if they are not able to achieve a high confidence rating.
        INFORMATIVE: The Cover Letter shall include the RFP Number, Name and address of Offeror, Name and telephone number of point-of-contact, Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) number, DUNS Number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and Date of submission.
CRITICAL: During Phase 1, the Offeror shall demonstrate an existing and fully functioning COTS On Demand Coaching Platform in a live action demonstration. Scheduling for the demonstration must be completed on or before the 7th business day after the RFP is posted. The existing platform will be evaluated on five criteria including user interface, data access, scheduling capabilities, access options, and resource availability. Failure to participate in Phase 1 precludes further consideration of an Offeror.
INFORMATIVE: The demonstration will be conducted virtually in a live action demonstration, and the platform will be evaluated based on specific criteria such as user interface, data access, scheduling capabilities, access options, and resource availability.
CRITICAL: Offerors have the ability to voluntarily withdraw from participation in Phase 2 if they receive an unfavorable advisory recommendation, saving costs of creating a proposal package that may not result in an award.
CRITICAL: Volume I Cover Letter must include specific information such as RFP Number, Name and address of Offeror, Name and telephone number of point-of-contact, Statement the Quote is valid through 60 calendar days after RFP closing date, Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) number, DUNS Number, SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), Total Evaluated Price (TEP) Amount, Date of submission, Name, title and signature of authorized representative, and more. The Cover Letter may include marketing style information about the Offeror’s business products and services, but this section will not be reviewed as part of the technical, past performance, or cost/price evaluation.

INFORMATIVE: Volume I Cover Letter should also include a clear and concise statement on whether (or not) the Offeror has determined there are any exceptions, issues, and/or assumptions regarding the RFP and the term and its conditions. Volume II Technical Approach should include a Table of Contents, Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms, and Technical Approach.
CRITICAL: The Offeror shall demonstrate clear understanding of the requirements detailed in the SOW including applicable laws and regulations related to the requirements. The Offeror shall detail the capability of the online subscription services with online access to the digital libraries via the website platform to accomplish requirements in SOW Section 3.
        INFORMATIVE: The Offeror shall plan, schedule, initiate, administer, and monitor each task to meet requirements, as well as manage the delivery requirements in SOW Section 4. The proposal shall describe how the Offeror plans to manage all tasks described in the SOW. The Offeror shall provide a proposed subcontracting plan compliant with FAR Clause 52.219-9 demonstrating how small businesses, including small, disadvantaged businesses and others, will play an active role throughout the life of this contract.
        INFORMATIVE: Small businesses are not required to submit a detailed 52.219-9 subcontracting plan but are still required to state how much work will be subcontracted to large and small businesses.
        CRITICAL: The Offeror shall provide information on a minimum of one (1) project performed within the last five (5) years that are similar to this effort in terms of type, scope, complexity, and size.
INFORMATIVE: The Offeror shall describe their current and past performance per project, identifying the organization in which they have performed similar tasks including the degree of their involvement (prime or subcontractor), and describe their expertise including those projects entered into with the Federal Government, agencies of state and local governments and commercial customers.
        INFORMATIVE: The Offeror shall use the Past Performance Reference Form to provide the required information. The Government reserves the right to contact the references provided or any other available resource to obtain the information.
CRITICAL: All Offerors are responsible for ensuring that Point of Contact’s (POC) and Alternate Point of Contact’s (APOC) are reachable, and that all information listed above is current and valid. The Government reserves the right to contact any reference or use any other relative past performance information deemed appropriate by the Contracting Officer. Offerors must submit all included “fill-in” Provisions/Clause including FAR 52.203-2, 52.204-5, 52.204-24, 52.212-3, and DTAR 1052.209-70. Providing a proposal without filling in the Provisions/Clauses may result in the offeror receiving an overall evaluated score of “Non-Responsive”. Proposals that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. These will not be part of your page count. For evaluation purposes, only pricing provided on Attachment 3: Price Submission Sheet will be evaluated for award decision. Offerors shall input rates per unit monthly price established for the on-demand coaching services, to calculate a yearly total price for the base and 3 option periods and the possibility of an additional 6 months after option period 3, as well as any discounts offered.
CRITICAL: The corresponding rates will automatically fill in the remaining excel sheets and calculate a “Total Proposed Price”. Offerors shall not alter the format, content, or formulas on the Excel spreadsheet.
CRITICAL: The page limits for each volume are as follows: Cover Letter (2 pages), Technical Approach Volume (5 pages), Management Approach Volume (3 pages), Past Performance Volume (3 pages), and Completed RFP and Price Volume (No page limit).
        INFORMATIVE: Page limitations shall be treated as maximums. If exceeded, the excess pages will not be read or considered in the evaluation or award decision of the proposal. Each page shall be counted except introductory letter(s), cover pages, table of contents, list of tables or drawings, tabs, and glossaries, unless otherwise noted in this provision.
        CRITICAL: The evaluation factors for award include Technical Approach, Management Approach, Past Performance, and Price.
        CRITICAL: The Government intends to award a single IDIQ to the responsible Offeror whose proposal represents the best value to the Government after evaluation in accordance with the solicitation. The best value proposal will be selected using a tradeoff process, as defined in FAR 13.106-2.
CRITICAL: Factors 1 (Technical Approach) and 2 (Management Approach) are more important than Factor 3 (Past Performance) in the evaluation process. Factors 1, 2, and 3 combined are more important than Factor 4 (Price).
        CRITICAL: The decision to award will be made based on factor ratings and Price evaluation, and the Government reserves the right to communicate with interested Offerors if deemed advantageous.
        INFORMATIVE: Offerors will receive an advisory notification after Phase 1 evaluations, informing them of the Government’s recommendation to proceed or not to Phase 2. Offerors rated most highly for Phase 1 will be advised to proceed to Phase 2. Those not highly rated will be advised that they are unlikely to be viable competitors, minimizing proposal development costs for them. Failure to participate in Phase 1 precludes further consideration.
CRITICAL: Offerors wishing to proceed to Phase 2 shall provide their notice of intent to do so to the Government in accordance with the instructions in the advisory notification. The Government intends to allow Offerors 48 hours to decide whether it wishes to proceed with a Phase 2 submission. This RFP does not commit the Government to pay any cost for preparation and submission of your proposal. In addition, the Contracting Officer is the only individual who can legally commit the Government to the expenditure of public funds in connection with this proposed acquisition. The Government plans to award one contract but reserves the right to award more if it is determined to be in the Government's best interest, considering the Government's expected volume of work over the period of the task order contracts, available funding, the need to sustain adequate competition, and the availability of best-value proposals following completion of evaluation of the proposals received.
CRITICAL: Offerors will be evaluated on their demonstration performance in Phase 1 based on the COTS On Demand Coaching Platform requirements and will be rated as High Confidence, Some Confidence, or Low Confidence.
        CRITICAL: Offerors will be evaluated in Phase 2 based on their technical approach and must demonstrate the ability to effectively and efficiently perform the work specified in the SOW.
        INFORMATIVE: High Confidence means the Government has high confidence that the Offeror understands the requirement, has an established on-demand coaching platform, and will be successful in performing the contract action with little or no Government intervention. Some Confidence means the Government has some confidence that the Offeror understands the requirement, has an established on-demand coaching platform, and will be successful in performing the contract with some Government intervention. Low Confidence means the Government has low confidence that the Offeror understands the requirement, has an established on-demand coaching platform, or will be successful in performing the contract even with Government intervention.
CRITICAL: A "significant weakness" in the proposal is a flaw that significantly increases the risk of unsuccessful contract performance. A "deficiency" is a material failure of a proposal to meet a Government requirement or a combination of significant weaknesses that increases the risk of unsuccessful contract performance to an unacceptable level. Proposals with deficiencies are rated as "unacceptable" and are not eligible for award.
        INFORMATIVE: The technical approach of the proposal will be evaluated based on the SOW, and ratings such as High Confidence, Some Confidence, or Low Confidence will be assigned. High Confidence means the Government has high confidence in the Offeror's understanding and approach, while Some Confidence and Low Confidence indicate varying levels of confidence with some or little Government intervention needed for successful contract performance.
CRITICAL: The Government will evaluate the acceptability of the Offeror’s proposed management approach including task order ordering process and timeliness, effective communication with the government, and the process for monthly status reporting to assess the Offerors overall management competence to effectively plan, execute, and manage the contract requirements.
CRITICAL: The Offeror's proposed management approach will be evaluated to ensure that Treasury achieves established program objectives, while mitigating performance risk. The management approach will also be evaluated to determine its ability to effectively accomplish, administer, and manage day-to-day operations including project organization, performance monitoring and control activities, quality assurance, subcontractors, and task order management process.
        INFORMATIVE: Offerors shall be evaluated on their proposed subcontracting plan to ensure compliance with FAR Clause 52.219-9 demonstrating how small businesses, including small, disadvantaged businesses, women-owned small businesses, veteran-owned small businesses, service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses, and HUBZone small businesses, will play an active role throughout the life of the contract. Small businesses are not required to submit a detailed 52.219-9 subcontracting plan but are still required to state how much work will be subcontracted to large and small businesses.
        INFORMATIVE: The past performance evaluation will consider the Offeror's demonstrated record of performance in providing services that meet customer needs during the past five years. The relevancy between past performance and solicitation requirements will be evaluated based on similarity in size, scope, and complexity.
CRITICAL: The potential for disruption to schedule, increase in price, or degradation in quality of performance based on the Offeror’s past performance will be evaluated.
        CRITICAL: Whether an Offeror has consistently demonstrated a commitment to customer satisfaction and complied with federal, state, and local laws and regulations will also be evaluated.
        INFORMATIVE: Lack of comparable and relevant past performance information will result in a neutral rating.
        INFORMATIVE: If past performance as a subcontractor is submitted, relevancy will be evaluated based on the work done under the subcontract, not the entire scope of work as performed by the prime contractor.
        INFORMATIVE: The Government will review records contained in the CPARS assessing the likelihood that an Offeror can successfully perform the required work. The Government reserves the right to contact and use information provided by the references available in CPARS while conducting past performance evaluations.
CRITICAL: Factor 3 will be evaluated based on the Offeror's performance record, with ratings of Acceptable, Unacceptable, or Neutral. Proposals rated "unacceptable" for any of the Factors are NOT eligible for award and will be excluded from further consideration.
        CRITICAL: Proposals that do not include complete pricing will be considered incomplete and will not be considered for award. The Government will evaluate pricing for accuracy, completeness, and reasonableness. The Government may determine a proposal is unacceptable if option prices are significantly unbalanced or if there is a material difference between the Government's descriptions and the proposed pricing.
        INFORMATIVE: A "Neutral" rating in Factor 3 will be considered "Awardable" and is assigned to Offerors without relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available. This indicates the contractor has little or no recent/relevant past performance upon which to base a meaningful performance risk prediction.
INFORMATIVE: The proposed rates will be incorporated into the final IDIQ award and be utilized in the associated task orders.
CRITICAL: Price will be evaluated but not assigned a confidence rating or scored. The Government intends to award a contract to the responsible Offeror(s) whose proposal represents the best value to the Government after evaluation in accordance with the solicitation. Alternate proposals are not solicited and will not be evaluated.
        INFORMATIVE: The Government intends to make an award without communications but preserves the right to do so if necessary. Decision to award or not will be made by applying the factor ratings and price evaluation, consistent with the method stated in Section 4.
CRITICAL: The performance requirements are summarized into performance objectives with performance thresholds that describe the minimum acceptable levels of service required for each requirement, critical to mission success.
INFORMATIVE: Desired outcomes, performance standards, monitoring methods, and incentive/disincentive details are provided for each service requirement, outlining compliance standards and consequences for non-compliance.
CRITICAL: Adherence to the delivery schedule as agreed upon by Contractor and COR is required in PWS Section 4. Deliverables must be in the proper format and submitted on time. 100% compliance to the agreed upon time of Deliverable between contractor and COR is necessary for full payment. Any deviation or delay from the agreed upon delivery time will be recorded and influence the contractor closing assessment made by the COR.
        INFORMATIVE: Full payment shall be made for 100% compliance with the delivery schedule. Review of monthly and quarterly deliverables will be conducted to ensure compliance.
CRITICAL: The document is an Amendment 1 with the identifier 2032H323R00065. It includes an attachment for a Past Performance Reference Form that requires details such as Offeror’s Name, Client/Customer Company Name and Address, Title of Contract or Agreement, Client Project Manager or Contracting Representative details, Period of Performance, and Description of Service(s) or Product(s).
INFORMATIVE: This chunk provides information about Amendment 1 with the contract number 2032H323R00065. It also asks for the number and names of subcontractors, if any, and details about the contract/compensation type and total amount of compensation.
