Strength - is an attribute of the Offeror's proposal that exceeds the specified performance or capability requirements in a way that is beneficial to the government.
Weakness - is a flaw in the proposal that increases the risk of unsuccessful contract performance	
Significant Weakness - in the proposal is a flaw that appreciably increases the risk of unsuccessful contract performance.	
Deficiency - is a material failure of a proposal to meet a Government requirement or a combination of significant weaknesses in a proposal that increases the risk of unsuccessful contract performance to an unacceptable level	
A proposal with a deficiency cannot be found eligible for award and is rated “unacceptable”. Proposals rated that have 1 or more deficiencies for any of the Factors are NOT eligible for award and will be excluded from further consideration.
Attachment #1 - Performance Summary Requirements (make sure these performance objectives are addressed in the proposal)							
Attachment #2 - Past Performance Reference Sheet (Volume IV)
Attachment #3 - Rate Submission Worksheet Price (Volume V)
Offerors wishing to proceed to Phase 2 shall provide their notice of intent to do so to the Government in accordance with the instructions in the advisory notification. The Government intends to allow Offerors 48 hours to decide whether it wishes to proceed with a Phase 2 submission.
Page Limits:
Volume I : Cover Letter 2 Pages
Volume II: Technical Approach 5 Pages
Volume III: Management Approach 3 Pages
Volume IV: Past Performance Use Provided Attachment
Volume V: Completed RFP and Cost Volume No Page Limit
FAR 52.203-2 – Certificate of Independent Price Determination (Apr 1985)
52.204-5 – Women-Owned Business (Other Than Small Business) (Oct 2014)
FAR 52.204-24 - Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021)
FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Dec 2022)
DTAR 1052.209-70 - Notice and Consent to Disclose and Use of Taxpayer Return Information (Nov 2017)
The Offeror shall plan, schedule, initiate, administer, and monitor each task to meet requirements, as well as manage the delivery requirements in SOW Section 4. The proposal shall describe how the Offeror plans to manage all tasks described in the SOW.
Volume 3: Management Approach Outline - 1. Table of Contents 2. Glossary 3. Management Approach 4. Subcontract Plan
The Offeror shall demonstrate clear understanding of the requirements detailed in the SOW including applicable laws and regulations related to the requirements. The Offeror shall detail thecapability of the online subscription services with online access to the digital libraries via the website platform to accomplish requirements in SOW Section 3. The proposal shall include a description how the Offeror’s proposal will accomplish all of the technical requirements listed in the SOW.
Volume 2: Technical Approach Outline - 1. Table of Contents 2. Glossary 3. Technical Approach
Volume I Cover Letter - Order and number as follows: (1) RFP Number 2032H323R00065 (2) Name and address of Offeror (3) Name and telephone number of point-of-contact (4) Statement the Quote is valid through 60 calendar days after RFP closing date (5) Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) number (6) DUNS Number (7) SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) (8) Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) (9) Total Evaluated Price (TEP) Amount (Base + Options) (10) Date of submission (11) Name, title and signature of authorized representative (12) The Offeror should note if annual representations and certifications have been completed electronically in the System for Award Management (SAM). (13) Signed copy of RFP 2032H323R00065, Page 1 SF1449 (14) Signed copies of any Amendments, Page 1 SF30 (if applicable)
Page Size and Format - Use 8.5”x11” size paper, single spaced; • Use 1” margins all around; • Text shall be no smaller than 12-point font; • Font style and size for illustrations, drawings, and tables are at the Offeror’s discretion, but all labels and markings must be easily readable. Color may be used at the discretion of the Offeror.
Every page, except for the Title Page, shall contain a page number. Blank pages will contain the marking “Page Intentionally Left Blank.” Every page will contain the Offeror’s name and the RFP number.
Contract Project Manager (Name, email, address, phone) - The Contractor shall provide a Project Manager for this contract who shall have the authority to make any no-cost technical, hiring, and dismissal decisions, or special arrangement regarding this contract. The Project Manager shall be responsible for the overall management and coordination of this contract and shall act as the central point of contact with the Government. The Project Manager shall have full authority to act for the Contractor in the performance of the required services. The Project Manager, or a designated representative, shall meet with the COR to discuss problem areas as they occur. The Project Manager or designated representative shall respond within four hours after notification of the existence of a problem.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury (Treasury), Treasury Executive Institute (TEI) is seeking a subscription to a web-based application resource that provides a platform for ondemand professional coaching in areas such as alignment, cognitive agility, and managing teams that will equip leaders to more effectively tackle the daily demands associated with their roles for the Treasury’s Departmental Offices. Specifically, TEI would like to utilize professional coaching to help its clients develop Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs), (1) learn and practice coaching skills, (2) improve the ability to give and receive feedback, and (3) become more effective leaders for their teams.
Scope: The Contractor shall provide a virtual coaching platform that includes scheduling, coach matching, assessments, a resource portal, and on-demand specialty coaching available for each coaching participant. The Executive Coaching shall take place virtually, consisting of individualized, one-on-one sessions.
24/7 access with customer support
ICF coaches
On-Demand Coaching with sessions occurring within one business day
Learning/Development Resources to support the coachees to gain knowledge and develop skills in coaching areas which includes a whole-person approach
Assessment to be completed at start and end of engagements
Capacity to offer 360 Assessments aligned with Office of Personnel Management’s Executive Core Qualifications included in the platform/licensing fee.
Platform access for users to serve as single stop for all services/resources and for admins to show real time monitoring and usage (dashboard as well as reports). Interested parties will be requested to provide a demo of their platform
Demonstration of ability to scale resources is necessary due to nature of the contracting mechanism (they want evidence we can support task orders off the IDIQ and/or a subcontract plan)
the client will use the platform to schedule an introductory discussion to assess fit between the designated coach and client. Timely identification of coaches is required, within 5 business days of request
Coaching sessions will be scheduled by the client on the platform based on coach availability and last for 30-60 minutes.
During the introductory session, or within a week of it, there will be an orientation/intake session to learn more about the executive, his/her areas of support and development, and a description of the coaching process, outcomes, and any other logistical considerations included in the engagement.
Within the first two sessions, there will be a development of a coaching plan to include customized deliverables and development objectives aimed at helping the participant achieve the desired outcomes and alignment to organizational goals.
Deliverables - Monthly Status Report (4.1), Post Session Survey Results (4.1.3), Behavioral Change Data (4.1.4), Final Report (4.2)
The past performance evaluation shall consider the Offeror’s demonstrated record of performance in providing services that meet the customer’s needs during the past five (5) years from date of issuance of this solicitation. The Government will evaluate the past performance information provided in the proposal and the past performance reference form. The Government will evaluate the degree of relevancy between each Offeror’s past performance submission and the solicitation requirements. In assessing the relevancy, the Government will evaluate the degree of similarity in size, scope, and complexity between an Offeror’s past performance information and the work described in the SOW of the solicitation. The potential for disruption to schedule, increase in price, or degradation in quality of performance based on the Offeror’s past performance will also be evaluated, as well as whether an Offeror has consistently demonstrated a commitment to customer satisfaction and complied with federal, state and local laws and regulations.
Lack of comparable and relevant past performance information will result in a neutral rating. If past performance as a subcontractor is submitted, relevancy will be evaluated as to the work that the Offeror did under its subcontract, not the entire scope of work as performance by the prime contractor. Additionally, the Government will review records contained in the CPARS assessing the likelihood that an Offeror can successfully perform the required work. The Government reserves the right to contact and use information provided by the references available in CPARS while conducting past performance evaluations.
"The Government will use the Total Evaluated Price automatically computed in Tab “Total Pricing” of the Attachment 3 Rate Submission Worksheet Price as the basis for price evaluation. PROPOSALS THAT DO NOT INCLUDE COMPLETE PRICING WILL BE CONSIDERED INCOMPLETE AND WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR AWARD. The Government will evaluate the pricing for accuracy, completeness, and the CO will determine if the total evaluated price is reasonable. Price will be evaluated for the entire IDIQ period of performance, including the base period and all option periods. The Government may determine that a proposal is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The Government may also reject proposals in which the price submission is unbalanced and or unrealistic or where there is a material difference between the Government’s descriptions and that proposed by the Offeror.
Offerors shall use the provided MS Excel spreadsheet to complete their price proposal and include the MS Excel file with their email submission. The proposed rates will be incorporated into the final IDIQ award and be utilized in the associated task orders. Price will be evaluated but not assigned a confidence rating or scored.
For evaluation purposes, only pricing provided on Attachment 3: Price Submission Sheet will be evaluated for award decision. Offerors shall input rates per unit monthly price established for the on-demand coaching services, to calculate a yearly total price for the base and 3 option periods and the possibility of an additional 6 months after option period 3, as well as any discounts offered. The corresponding rates will automatically fill in the remaining excel sheets and calculate a “Total Proposed Price”. Offerors shall not alter the format, content, or formulas on the Excel spreadsheet.