The executive coaching engagement shall consist of 1:1 Coaching by ICF credentialed coaches, On-Demand Coaching with sessions occurring within one business day, Learning/Development Resources to support the coachees to gain knowledge and develop skills in coaching areas which includes a whole-person approach, and Assessment to be completed at start and end of engagements.
The Contractor shall have the capacity to offer 360 Assessments aligned with Office of Personnel Management’s Executive Core Qualifications included in the platform/licensing fee, platform access for users to serve as a single stop for all services/resources and for admins to show real-time monitoring and usage, and demonstration of ability to scale resources is necessary due to the nature of the contracting mechanism.
Engagement Preparation Time includes timely identification of coaches within 5 business days of request, an orientation/intake session within a week of the introductory session, and development of a coaching plan within the first two sessions.
The Contractor shall provide unlimited access to coaches for coaching sessions scheduled by the client on the platform based on coach availability and lasting for 30-60 minutes.
The Contractor must provide a Final Report prior to the completion of the period of performance, including engagement with coaches, learning resources outside of coaching sessions, post session survey results, and behavioral change data.
Task orders placed against this IDIQ will have their own periods of performance.
Online service must be available 24/7.
The total duration of the contract shall not exceed 48 months or 4 years.
Interim and final evaluations of contractor performance will be prepared on this contract in accordance with FAR 42.15. The Assessing Official (e.g., Contracting Officer) will prepare a final performance evaluation at the time the work on the contract is completed. In addition to the final evaluation, interim evaluations will be prepared annually to coincide with the anniversary date of the contract.
During Phase 1, the Offeror shall demonstrate an existing and fully functioning COTS On Demand Coaching Platform in a live action demonstration. Scheduling for the demonstration must be completed on or before the 7th business day after the RFP is posted. The existing platform will be evaluated on five criteria including user interface, data access, scheduling capabilities, access options, and resource availability. Failure to participate in Phase 1 precludes further consideration of an Offeror.
The Offeror shall provide information on a minimum of one (1) project performed within the last five (5) years that are similar to this effort in terms of type, scope, complexity, and size.
All Offerors are responsible for ensuring that Point of Contact’s (POC) and Alternate Point of Contact’s (APOC) are reachable, and that all information listed above is current and valid. The Government reserves the right to contact any reference or use any other relative past performance information deemed appropriate by the Contracting Officer. Offerors must submit all included “fill-in” Provisions/Clause including FAR 52.203-2, 52.204-5, 52.204-24, 52.212-3, and DTAR 1052.209-70. Providing a proposal without filling in the Provisions/Clauses may result in the offeror receiving an overall evaluated score of “Non-Responsive”. Proposals that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. These will not be part of your page count. For evaluation purposes, only pricing provided on Attachment 3: Price Submission Sheet will be evaluated for award decision. Offerors shall input rates per unit monthly price established for the on-demand coaching services, to calculate a yearly total price for the base and 3 option periods and the possibility of an additional 6 months after option period 3, as well as any discounts offered.
The Government intends to award a single IDIQ to the responsible Offeror whose proposal represents the best value to the Government after evaluation in accordance with the solicitation. The best value proposal will be selected using a tradeoff process, as defined in FAR 13.106-2.
Offerors will be evaluated on their demonstration performance in Phase 1 based on the COTS On Demand Coaching Platform requirements and will be rated as High Confidence, Some Confidence, or Low Confidence.
The Offeror's proposed management approach will be evaluated to ensure that Treasury achieves established program objectives, while mitigating performance risk. The management approach will also be evaluated to determine its ability to effectively accomplish, administer, and manage day-to-day operations including project organization, performance monitoring and control activities, quality assurance, subcontractors, and task order management process.
The performance requirements are summarized into performance objectives with performance thresholds that describe the minimum acceptable levels of service required for each requirement, critical to mission success.
Adherence to the delivery schedule as agreed upon by Contractor and COR is required in PWS Section 4. Deliverables must be in the proper format and submitted on time. 100% compliance to the agreed upon time of Deliverable between contractor and COR is necessary for full payment. Any deviation or delay from the agreed upon delivery time will be recorded and influence the contractor closing assessment made by the COR.
The document is an Amendment 1 with the identifier 2032H323R00065. It includes an attachment for a Past Performance Reference Form that requires details such as Offeror’s Name, Client/Customer Company Name and Address, Title of Contract or Agreement, Client Project Manager or Contracting Representative details, Period of Performance, and Description of Service(s) or Product(s).
